Rearranging content for GS tutorials (#1297)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/tutorial-next-steps-setting-up.md

> You can **[Continue the tutorialby building your first project](/building-your-first-project)**. You will learn and apply the fundamentals of dbt with models, tests, docs, and deploying your first job!

Author: ```suggestion
You can **[Continue the tutorial by building your first project](/building-your-first-project)**. You will learn and apply the fundamentals of dbt with models, tests, docs, and deploying your first job!
```
